overview: adding the CSI definition (#123)
confidential-containers/documentation: overview.md

Initial exploration led to the realisation that this was not a problem possible to solve within the
Kata Containers project alone. It raises considerations that need to be discussed and resolved in

> other areas of the cloud native stack, from container runtime to Container Orchestration Interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other areas of the cloud native stack, from container runtime to [Container Storage Interface](https://github.com/confidential-containers/documentation/wiki/Glossary#container-storage-interface)
````
